Reuse ReferenceProxy references when possible (#1354)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: CHANGELOG.md

## Next Version

### Added

### Fixed

> - Fix external dependecies been removed by Xcode #1354 @OdNairy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix external dependencies from being removed by Xcode #1354 @OdNairy
```
